docs/about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

# Philosophy

> We aim to store any kind of information correctly, reliably and in a perennial and reusable way. FAIR data is not an afterthought.

## FAIR, "machine-learning-ready" data

The ELN takes care of converting all files into [FAIR](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles/) , standardized, and open formats. In this way, the information will be accessible tens from year of now---and not only until the manufacturer stops supporting the format.

With all synthesis or characterization data, we also store rich metadata.

## Reusable

If you use eln.epfl.ch you can create data archives that can be reused by collaborators or readers of your paper. The archives are structured such that they can be understood by machines (following ideas of the [semantic web](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_Web)) and accompanied by a link that can be used to visualize the data.

## Aigle development: Ready for any kind of information

The ELN is developed in a modular fashion that makes it possible to quickly adapted to new requirements or to implement new tools or data formats. The formats that are currently supported are documented in the [database schema](https://cheminfo.github.io/data_schema/).

Commit message:

chore: added links to organizations

docs/about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## Philosophy

> We aim to store any kind of information correctly, reliably and in a perennial and reusable way. FAIR data is not an afterthought.

### FAIR, "machine-learning-ready" data

The ELN takes care of converting all files into [FAIR](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles/) , standardized, and open formats. In this way, the information will be accessible tens from year of now---and not only until the manufacturer stops supporting the format.

With all synthesis or characterization data, we also store rich metadata.

### Reusable

If you use eln.epfl.ch you can create data archives that can be reused by collaborators or readers of your paper. The archives are structured such that they can be understood by machines (following ideas of the [semantic web](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_Web)) and accompanied by a link that can be used to visualize the data.

### Aigle development: Ready for any kind of information

The ELN is developed in a modular fashion that makes it possible to quickly adapted to new requirements or to implement new tools or data formats. The formats that are currently supported are documented in the [database schema](https://cheminfo.github.io/data_schema/).

## The cheminfo ecosystem

We did not build the ELN, but more than 150 other libraries which are part of the following GitHub organizations

- [mljs](https://github.com/mljs): Libraries for linear algebra, optimization
- [image-js](https://github.com/image-js): Image analysis
- [cheminfo](https://github.com/cheminfo): Cheminformatics tools, like parsers for all kinds of characterization techniques
- [cheminfo-js](https://github.com/cheminfo-js): Cheminformatics tools
- [cheminfo-py](https://github.com/cheminfo-py): Webservices, e.g., for PXRD pattern predictiion or topology analysis
